The end of programming
as we know it.
We got an we got ourselves
an O'Reilly article.
I went and checked the length of this and if this is new, it is new.
And so, here we go.
We're doing this the end of programming
as we know it.
Yet again another faithful article to the current state of the times.
This time by O'Reilly, who makes their money off of selling
programming books has written an article
called the end of programming
as we know it.
This is going to be great.
I mean, I'm not sure what O'Reilly's trying to do here,
but it kind of seems counterintuitive.
And this is by Timothy O'Reilly.
Like this guy, this is Timothy O'Reilly, like Timotheus O'Reilly.
All right, there's a lot of chatter
in media that software developers will soon lose their jobs to AI, I don't buy it.
Oh my gosh.
Wait a second, did I just get jabaited by this article
and are we about to get hit with some
straight facts from O'Reilly software.
It is not the end of programming.
It is the end of programming as we know it today.
That is not new.
The first programmers connected physical circuits to perform each calculation.
They were succeeded by programmers writing machine instructions.
They were succeeded by programmers writing machine instructions as binary code to be input one bit at a time by flipping
switches on the front of a computer.
Assembly language programming then put an end to that it lets a programmer use a human like language to tell the
computer to move data to locations in memory.
This is true.
If you did not know how crazy you got to read uh Uncle Bob has that whole history of programmers.
We programmer wrote the forward.
Hell yeah, I get nothing for saying that.
But it's actually a pretty sweet book.
Uh I read through it, it's great.
Uh, there's a lot of chatter in media that software developers
will soon lose their jobs to AI, I don't buy it.
Oh my gosh.
Wait a second.
Did I just get jabaited by this article?
And are we about to get hit with some
straight facts from O'Reilly software.
Timotheus O'Reilly is actually based.
It is not the end of programming.
It is the end of programming as we know it today.
That is not new.
Oh, okay, actually, no, this is not based.
The first programmers connected physical circuits
to perform each calculation.
This is true, if you did not know how crazy
you got to read uh Uncle Bob has that whole history of programmers.
We programmer wrote the forward.
Hell yeah, I get nothing for saying that, but it's actually a pretty sweet book.
Uh, I read through it, it's great.
Uh, this is not new.
All right, uh they were succeeded by programmers writing machine instructions as binary code to be input one bit at a time by flipping
switches on the front of a computer.
Yes.
I love that people are actually
attempting to co uhh.
Do are you actually
trying to are you actually trying
to correct my pronunciation of O'Reilly.
Dude, it's way more funny to call it O'Reilly.
Then it is to call it O'Reilly.
All right, there's a lot of chatter in media
that software developers will soon lose their jobs to AI, I don't buy it.
Oh my gosh.
Wait a second.
Did I just get jabaited by this article?
And are we about to get hit with some
straight facts from O'Reilly software.
Timotheus O'Reilly is actually based.
It is not the end of programming.
It is the end of programming as we know it today, that is not new.
Oh okay, actually, no, this is not based.
The first programmers connected physical circuits to perform each calculation.
This is true, Seymour Cray hand flipped in an operating system from memory on the Cray One if I'm not mistaken.
Pretty fantastic.
I love that people are actually attempting
to co uh do.
Are you actually
trying to are you actually trying
to correct my pronunciation
of O'Reilly.
Dude, it's way more funny to call it O'Reilly.
Then it is to call it O'Reilly.
Shut up.
They were succeeded by programmers writing
machine instructions as binary code to be input one bit at a time.
By flipping switches on the front of a computer.
Assembly language programming then put an end to that.
It lets a programmer use a human-like language to tell the computer to move data to locations in memory and perform calculations on it.
Then, development of even higher
level compiled languages like Fortran, COBOL.
Uh to be completely fair.
Fortran, it didn't actually happen this way.
Fortran was actually uh 1958, which is just the very beginning of machine languages.
I believe you still have to feed things in by tape and all that kind of crazy stuff.
That's like why there's like a seven uh column requirement
in Fortran on the early Fortran code.
I know it's I'm just saying, Fortran was written
because there's this whole idea that compilers actually
aren't efficient, and so if you want efficiency, you
have to handwrite all of your own machine instructions.
Uh, and remember, you got to remember like back then,
it was like a kilohertz was like a like, dude, I'd kill a hurt too.